Updated Documentation to be more explizit about authorizationContext … (#594)
eclipse/ditto: documentation/src/main/resources/pages/ditto/basic-auth.md

(in API version 2).

Please find details at [ACL](basic-acl.html) and [Policies](basic-policy.html).

### Authorization Context in DevOps Commands

> An `authorizationContext` which is passed to [DevOps Commands](installation-operating.html#devops-commands) DevOps commands needs

Reviewer: There's a little duplication here: 

> passed to [DevOps Commands](...) DevOps commands

Author: Thank you @ffendt , fixed it!

> to be a subject known to dittos authentication. In the simplest case, its `nginx:{ditto-username}` where `{ditto-username}` is a ditto user 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to be a subject known to Ditto's authentication. In the simplest case, it's `nginx:{username}` where `{username}` is a user 
```

> that is configured for basic auth. The `nginx:` prefix refers to basic authentication here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that is configured for basic auth in the included nginx's `nginx.htpasswd` file (where the `nginx:` prefix comes from).
```
